feat: add example for table writes (#1119)
delta-io/delta-kernel-rs: kernel/examples/write-table/README.md

Write Table
===========

## About

This example shows how to write a Delta table using the default engine by:
- Creating a schema defined by the command line arguments
- Generating random Apache Arrow data for the table
- Committing the transaction

Note: As of July 2025, the Rust kernel does not officially expose APIs for creating tables. This example uses unofficial, internal APIs to create the table.

Additional details about the example:
- default schema (`id:integer,name:string,score:double`) will be used in the case that the schema is not specified in the command like arguments
- table contents will be printed in the command line after successfully creating tables

> You can run this example from the same directory as this `README.md` by running `cargo run -- [args]`.

Author: You're right. I just copied instructions from other examples. I updated the instruction and the other examples for consistency.

Write Table
===========

## About

> This example shows a simple program that writes to a Delta table. 
> 
> It demonstrates how to:
> 
> 0. (Optional) Create a new Delta table with a specified schema<sup>*</sup>
> 1. Write data to the table using a transaction
> 2. Commit changes to the table
> 3. Read back the table's contents to verify the write operation
> 
> <sup>*</sup>Creating tables is not officially supported by `kernel-rs` yet, so this example uses an unofficial API to create an empty table if there is no existing table at the specified path.
> 
> The example uses the default engine and demonstrates basic write operations including:
> - Writing Arrow RecordBatches to Parquet files
> - Transaction management and commits
> - Basic error handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to write a Delta table using the default engine by:
- Creating a schema defined by the command line arguments
- Generating random Apache Arrow data for the table
- Committing the transaction

Note: As of July 2025, the Rust kernel does not officially expose APIs for creating tables. This example uses unofficial, internal APIs to create the table.

Additional details about the example:
- default schema (`id:integer,name:string,score:double`) will be used in the case that the schema is not specified in the command like arguments
- table contents will be printed in the command line after successfully creating tables
```
